.. raw:: html

   <div class="sidebar" style="font-size:80%;">
   <p class="first sidebar-title" style="font-size:110%;">What's <i>new</i> around here?</p>
   <ol class="last arabic simple">
   <li>I started <a href="http://perso.crans.org/besson/phd/">my PhD</a> at CentraleSupélec (<a href="http://www-scee.rennes.supelec.fr/wp/">SCEE team</a>, <a href="https://www.ietr.fr/spip.php?auteur1069">IETR lab</a>) in Rennes (France), with <a href="http://www.rennes.supelec.fr/ren/perso/cmoy/recherche.php">Christophe Moy</a> and <a href="http://chercheurs.lille.inria.fr/ekaufman/research.html">Emilie Kaufmann</a> (<a href="https://team.inria.fr/sequel/team-members/">SequeL team, CRIStAL lab, at Lille</a>). My PhD is on multi-players multi-arms bandits models applied to radio-telecommunication, especially I-o-T problems.</li>
   <li>I ranked first to the prestigious Master MVA in Paris, France, for the scholar year 2015/16, with a GPA of more than 18/20. <a title="All the documents are released under the MIT License" href="http://perso.crans.org/besson/publis/mva-2016/">Almost all the documents</a> I wrote during my 2nd M.Sc. (master MVA) are also publicly distributed !</li>
   <li>I presented <a title="On Hidden Markov Models and Hidden semi-Markov Models" href="https://goo.gl/TigP8f">this poster</a> at <a title="Machine Learning Summer School - 2016" href="http://learning.mpi-sws.org/mlss2016/">MLSS'2016</a> in Cadiz (Spain) in May 2016!</li>
   <li>My Master 2 research mini-projects are finished: <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva16-kaggle-data-challenge-kernel-methods/">"Recognizing hand-written Digits with SVM"</a> (<a href="http://lear.inrialpes.fr/people/mairal/teaching/2015-2016/MVA/">Kernel Methods</a> course), <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva16-tp-brain-imaging-nilearn/">"The Space-Net classifier to decode Haxby2001 brain images"</a> (<a href="http://www.math.ens-cachan.fr/version-francaise/formations/master-mva/contenus-/imagerie-fonctionnelle-cerebrale-et-interface-cerveau-machine-161979.kjsp">Neuro-Imaging (MEEG, fMRI)</a> course), <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva16-project-modelisation-neuro-sciences/">"SOM and Dynamic SOM, from unsupervised clustering to models of cortical plasticity"</a> (<a href="http://www.lps.ens.fr/%7Enadal/Cours/MVA/">Modeling in neuro-science</a> course).</li>
   <li>And the ones from the first semester: <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva15-project-parcimonie-compressed-sensing/">"Probabilistic Algorithms for Approximate Matrix Decompositions"</a> (<a href="http://gpeyre.github.io/teaching/">Sparsity and Compressed Sensing</a> course), <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva15-project-graph-reinforcement-learning/">"Multi-Task Inference and Planning in Board Games using Multiple Imperfect Oracles"</a> (for both <a href="http://researchers.lille.inria.fr/~valko/hp/mva-ml-graphs.php">Graphs in ML</a> and <a href="http://researchers.lille.inria.fr/~lazaric/Webpage/MVA-RL_Course15.html">Reinforcement Learning</a> courses); and <a href="https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/mva15-project-probabilistic-graphical-models/">"Hidden semi-Markovian Models (HsMM)"</a> (for the <a href="http://www.di.ens.fr/~slacoste/teaching/MVA_GM/fall2015/">Probabilistic Graphical Models</a> course). All these are open-sourced under the <a href="http://lbesson.mit-license.org/">MIT License</a>.</li>
   <li><a title="All the documents are released under the MIT License" href="http://perso.crans.org/besson/infoMP/">Complete solutions for the practical sessions</a> in Computer Science that I am in charge of in 2015-16 (in a prep' school, +2, at Lycée Lakanal in Sceaux, near Paris).</li>
   </ol></div>


.. (c) Lilian Besson, 2011-2018, https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/web-sphinx/
